now we have three Ramones Ramon high
drop Ramon and paint chef Ramon for our
collection
well hello you've reached hands it's a
special day in Radiator Springs and then
we've got Ramon and look we've got peach
uppermost is pink shot from all hey
what's up guys
I want some homes we got through our
mortgage here but we need another Ramon
bones is not enough heat up our home so
we get another Ramon Ramon and we have
been shocked Ramon and so we need
another Ramon so we found a really nice
Ramona's a lowrider and these name is
hydraulic remotes so we wanted the home
box hydraulic Ramon from rain either
Springs any car cops
so far off that bow rider go Rider car
that's nice so we've got hydraulic
footballs here box I'd rather come home
and
we will sweep
I brought them all
and Lightning McQueen slows down to
enjoy a small-town radius phrase for
hitting them Piston Cup tiebreaker
and you can collect all these
now I think we got a box Luigi Queen
assume we've got a cruising Lightning
McQueen so right now let's unbox it for
mommy this for everybody out there
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
microphones on low rider now we have
three Ramones
Ramon I dropped from mode and paint shop
Ramones for collection
please make sure to like it subscribe it
so friends BFF city make sure to favor
it you got a nice and pink job
that's a nice Ramon look at that
it's a lowrider i sweet Nova mode okay
make sure to like us subscribe it's a
friend
now we got three Ramones and we're
pumping bottles without of the bays
thanks for watching see you next time
make sure to subscribe